PZ-3365 - Adding mobileAppCheckout object to Payment response (#638)
mollie/api-documentation: source/changelog/v2/changelog.rst

Occasionally, we will add new resources, new fields, or new possible values to existing fields to the v2 Mollie API. All
changes are documented here.

July 2020
=========

> TBA

Reviewer: Can be removed now?

> TBA

Reviewer 2: Don't forget this

---

> - We add a ``mobileAppCheckout`` to the :doc:`Payment API response </reference/v2/payments-api/get-payment>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have added a ``mobileAppCheckout`` URL to the :doc:`Payment API response </reference/v2/payments-api/get-payment>`
```

>   if the payment method is supporting payments via a companion app. At the moment, this only involves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if the payment method supports payments via a companion (mobile) app. At the moment, this only involves
```
